Adjust workflow skipping (#1222)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/contributor/04-10-workflows.md

## All Cheks Passed Workflow

> This [workflow](/.github/workflows/pr-checks.yaml) checks if all jobs, except those excluded in the workflow configuration, have passed. If the workflow is triggered by a PR where the author is the `kyma-gopher-bot`, the workflow will end immediately with success.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This [workflow](/.github/workflows/pr-checks.yaml) checks if all jobs, except those excluded in the workflow configuration, have passed. If the workflow is triggered by a PR where the author is the `kyma-gopher-bot`, the workflow ends immediately with success.
```
